Hello, everyone, in this video we are going to pick up right where we left off in the previous one.
So if you didn't just finish the previous video in the last 30 seconds, you might want to go back and
watch the very end of it.
Having said that, let's jump right into the action.
Here's what I mean.
Why don't we adjust this so that the two get Jason requests can run together at the same time asynchronously
and then only once they both complete.
Do we want to run any of this code.
So right now, let's begin coding this new setup.
How about right above this current line?
We just add a new line and start fresh.
So this way we don't immediately need to delete all of our old code.
So right inside the beginning of our get results method, let's say dollar sign to use J query, and
it has a method named win.
And then right after that we can change on then.
Now the way that this works is within the parentheses of when we can include as many JSON requests as
we want and they will all run asynchronously.
They will run together at the same time instead of one waiting for the other.
And this will speed things up a bit.
Now, the beauty of the win method is that it's going to babysit all of these different requests and
it's going to watch and wait for them to all complete before it moves on and calls the then method.
So then within the parentheses for then we just say what we want to do once all of our requests have
completed.
So right now, let's just start building out the skeleton of what we want to do.
So within the parentheses for when we are going to have to JSON requests and these just get separated
by commas.
So just as a temporary placeholder, we could say a comma, B, inreality each one of these will be
a JSON request and then within the parentheses for then this is where we include an anonymous function
that we want to run once all of our data is ready.
So to create an anonymous function, we just say function, parentheses, curly brackets, and then
you know me in between the curly brackets.
I like to drop down to a new line.
And actually, instead of spelling out the word function here, why don't we use an E six arrow function?
So that way the function doesn't try to hijack the JavaScript keyword this.
So to do that, we can just delete the word function here, but keep the parentheses right after it
and right after the parentheses.
Just include equal sign greater than now.
The beauty of combining win with then is we can include parameter names within these new empty parentheses.
You can make up whatever names you want just as a test.
You could say one, comma, two, and the win then combo is going to automatically map the results of
this git request to this parameter and it's going to map the results from this git request to this parameter.
And if you had a third request or a fourth request, well, then you could just include matching parameters
here.
Now, again, these names do not matter.
It's just as simple as this first item will be matched with this first parameter, the second item with
this second parameter.
Now, again, we're only going to have two.
So let me delete those.
So, for example, in just a minute from now, we are going to get rid of these placeholders, A and
B, and we're going to replace them with the actual JSON requests to the posts and pages you URLs.
So with that in mind, why don't we change our parameter names here instead of one we could say posts
and instead of two, we could save pages.
And now the raw JSON data that WordPress sends back will live within these parameter names.
We can access them within the body of our function here.
And then we would just want to go ahead and combine these two and then output them into HTML onto the
page.
Now, we've already done exactly that down here, so why don't we just cut and paste this code into
our new section?
So I'm going to begin selecting from this line where we create a variable named combined results.
And let's select down to the is Spiner visible line.
So let's just cut that and then paste it right here and now.
All we need to do is include real get Jason requests here instead of the placeholder A and B. So instead
of a, let's say, dollar sign dot, get JSON parentheses, then let's do the same thing for B dollar
sign dot, get Jason parentheses.
And in order to maintain some sanity, I like to break down each one of these onto their own line.
So right after the opening when parentheses and right before this dollar sign here, why don't we just
drop down and then in between the two get JSON request.
We can also drop down and then after this final get Jason request and its parentheses, we can also
drop down again.
OK, now let's just go ahead and fill out to get Jason requests.
Now, normally you would want to give the get Jason meant that at least two arguments, right?
The first argument is the Eurail that you want to send a request to.
And then the second argument is a function that you want to run once the server responds.
However, in this case, since we've got the win method that's babysitting these requests and it's going
to automatically pass on their results as parameters into our then method, since that's the case,
we don't even need to provide a callback function for each JSON request.
So we only need to pass them one argument, and that is the euro that we want to send a request to now
instead of typing out that Eurail again, let's just go down here and copy and paste it.
So I'm going to begin selecting from the beginning of this university data and scroll all the way to
the right and include the this search field dot val and the parentheses.
So just write up before this comma.
Lets copy that and then back up in our new code.
Let's get rid of the X placeholder and paste in our clipboard and then we can do the same thing for
the second, get just on request and just change posts to pages.
All right.
Now before we save this, we just have one more thing we need to take care of down on this line of code
where we are combining the results.
When we first wrote this line of code, we were still using the callback function that the JSON method
supplies.
And in that case, the only thing that's going to live in these parameters of posts and pages is the
actual WordPress JSON data.
However, now that these parameters are coming from the win then combo, they contain a little bit more
than just the WordPress JSON data.
They also contain information about the JSON request itself, like whether it succeeded or failed.
So down on this line where we are trying to combine posts with pages instead of just working with the
posts parameter itself, let's tack on to it and say square brackets zero.
So that way we are only working with the first item in its array.
In this case, the first item is the actual JSON data itself.
And the other items in the array are the information about whether it succeeded or failed.
So then we can just do the same thing with pages.
So right after pages, square brackets, zero.
Perfect.
Now at this point we can go ahead and delete our old code that we are no longer using.
So that begins with the get JSON line and ends with curly bracket parentheses semicolon so we can delete
that and then go ahead and give this a save.
And if I try to search for lorem as in lorem ipsum again, perfect.
Everything still works and now the experience should be a little bit faster for the visitors of the
site.
Now before we bring this lesson to a close, let's do a tiny bit of error handling.
So for example, what if there's a network or Internet connection problem or one of our users is slightly
misspelled?
So maybe after JSON, if I add in some gibberish, that's obviously going to throw an error.
But we don't want our script to just explode.
We want to be able to detect that there's a problem and still output a little bit of text to the user
that says unexpected error.
Please try again.
So to make that happen, here's what we can do.
It all has to do with the then method.
So here's the opening parentheses for then and down.
Here is the closing parentheses for that.
Now at the moment are then method only has a single argument, which is this anonymous function.
However, we can give it a second argument which will be used if it detects an error.
So down on this line, right after the closing curly bracket, we can just say comma and provide another
argument.
Let's just give it an anonymous function.
So parentheses and then arrow symbol and then curly brackets.
And if there's an error, why don't we just target the results div so this results div and adjust its
HTML and we can just create a paragraph that says unexpected error.
Please try again.
OK, now if I save this and leave in this gibberish in the Urals, it's going to throw an error if I
try to search.
Perfect, unexpected error.
Please try again.
So at the very least, we can rest assured knowing that our script is never going to just outright explode
and break down.
So let's get rid of that and put it back to the correct you.
And we are in business.
We can search to our heart's content.
That's going to bring this lesson to a close.
In our next lesson, we will learn more about customizing the WordPress rest API.
Let's keep it rolling and I will see you then.